# MSA-project-Web-App-APIs-
project submission

Craft and describe the target persona for your app (approx. 10 – 50 words)
The target persona for my app would be people that find it hard to remember their useranames and passwords, especially since there are so many services that require an account. It can be hard to keep track for the modern day person, so this app is for their peace of mind. The persona would be people of all ages as the majority of people have access to the internet and thus to services such as gmail, google and youtube. 

Describe how your app will target / aid this particular persona (approx. 100 – 200 words)
This app will aid the target persona as keeps track of all usernames and passwords all in one convenient location. In today's modern world, there are so many services that require an account, which requires a username/email and password which can be very hard to keep track of. Since it is unsafe to have the same password and/or username for all services. Thus having all the details in one convenient location is a hassle free solution, so there will be no more, "I forgot my password" situations where one has to look into their email, which they also probably forgot too and get a verification code and the process can be very time consuming. This app will completely eliminate this scenario as all the details of the account can be stored on this app, a quick click on the app and all the details will be on display at the touch of the user's fingertips.

Explore the extensibility of the app (100 – 150 words). Outline how the app can be expanded to other audiences, markets or scaled. Consider how the app can be modified in the future and built upon to make it more useful.
The app can be extended by including more user friendly features such as icons or images of the account, for example a google account would have a google logo which would make it easy to identify. The app can be expanded to all audiences as the account details are a very core aspect to online services. In future, the app could also have finger print or facial recognition to access the passwords which would make the app much safer security wise as the app would house all the user's details. Furthermore, the app could be modified to also store driver license details, birth certificates or passports which could be very useful given certain situations. 
